[global]
monitor = 0
follow = mouse
geometry = "300x50-9+38"
scale = 0
notification_limit = 0
indicate_hidden = yes
separator_height = 2
padding = 20
horizontal_padding = 9
frame_width = 1
frame_color = "#abb2bf"
separator_color = auto
sort = yes
font = jetbrains mono bold 11
line_height = 2
markup = full
format = "<b>%s</b>\n%b"
alignment = center
show_age_threshold = 60
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = true
hide_duplicate_count = false
show_indicators = no
icon_position = left
max_icon_size = 50
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 9
browser = x-www-browser -new-tab
always_run_script = true
title = Dunst
class = Dunst
corner_radius = 2
shrink = no
idle_threshold = 120
word_wrap = yes
icon_path = false


[shortcuts]
close = ctrl+shift+space
close_all = ctrl+shift+space
history = ctrl+grave

[urgency_low]
timeout = 2
background = "#2E3440AA"
foreground = "#D8DEE9"

[urgency_normal]
timeout = 3
background = "#2E3440AA"
foreground = "#D8DEE9"

[urgency_critical]
timeout = 2
background = "#2F3440AA"
foreground = "#BF616A"

